[Autogenerated] the Enterprise Integration Patterns Book
describes another pattern for system management.
The control bus pattern.
Let's investigate this pattern and see house bring integration support it.
One disadvantage of J M X is that it has a different and completely shepherd
interface to the application via remote method invocation.
The main idea behind the control was pattern is that you can use
the messaging infrastructure that used for application level
messages for system management as well.
To manage the application,
you would send system management messages to the
appropriate channels to control components.
This would be particularly useful for distributed systems where
you already have the infrastructure in place for exchanging
messages and where you wouldn't want to add a completely separate
infrastructure for management.
Spring integration provides a control bus component,
which supports this pattern in a particular way.
The Spring Integration Control bus component is a message Chandler
that interprets the body off messages that you send to it a spring
expression language expressions, which it executes.
You can use these to send messages that call methods on arbitrary beans.
In the spring application context, you cannot call arbitrary message.
However,
the control was limits the methods that you can call to
the methods from the interface possible,
which are Poles and resume, and from its super interface lifecycle,
which are start, stop and is running,
and methods that have a managed operation or managed attribute annotation.
These two annotations are from the core Spring Framework support for J M X.
The purpose off the spring Immigration Control bus component is mainly
to enable you to call management methods by sending messages to the
application instead of calling them via J. M X.